[Music]
from the acclaimed director of the
wedding banquet the Samuel Goldwyn
company presents eat drink man woman the
story of three sisters looking for a
recipe for romance and their father one
of the world's great chefs trying to
understand the ingredients in this
family
if you can't cope you can always cook
[Music]
three women with a taste for life and
dad just tried to stay on the menu one
part laughter one part passion with a
dash of entry honor and adventure mixed
in
[Music]
II drink bad woman from director Angley
and the creators of last year's surprise
hit the wedding banquet family life as
you've never tasted it before
[Music]